doc improvement: General doc fixes (#8641)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/central_bas/README.rst

The sample also requires a device running a BAS Server to connect with (for example, another development kit running the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` or :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard` sample, or a Bluetooth® Low Energy dongle and nRF Connect for Desktop).

Overview
********

When connected, the sample subscribes to battery level notifications.
Every notification that is received is printed to the terminal.

> If the device does not support notifications for the Battery Level Characteristic, you can request to read the battery level by pressing Button 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the device does not support notifications for the Battery Level Characteristic, press **Button 1** to request for reading the battery level.
```
